The purpose of this repository is to (privately) store all of my work from COMP20 (Web Programming) over the course of the semester.

My favorite assignment was asssignment 1, when we made our personal web pages. It was the first time I was able to make something that was actually useful for my everyday life in a computer science course here at Tufts, and it felt so cool to see my work come to life on a real web page, instead of just running something on terminal like I had in my other courses. Also, I really enjoyed playing with the CSS and creating something that looked exactly how I wanted it to look.

I have grown a lot since day 1. In the beginning of this course, I had no idea what the web or the internet was or how anything in web programming was done. Now, I feel like I have a basic understanding of how most things on the internet work, which is really cool, since the internet is such a crucial part of life these days. Also, I learned a lot about how to tackle problems that seem impossible given minimal direction and how to work with other people, both of which I think will be extremely useful no matter what I end up doing with the rest of my life.

The most important thing I learned in this course is how to figure out a solution to a problem that I do not understand. There were many times in this course when I had no idea what I was doing, but I was able to figure out what I needed to do and give myself some basic understanding so that I could keep working. For example, during assignment 2, I was lost most of the time, because I had never created a large project in JavaScript before (we had only done one or two smaller labs). I found myself totally lost at one point with the geolocation, because I didn't understand callback functions at all. I did some research and played around with smaller versions of my code until I felt like I could go back to the huge project. While I still didn't understand callback functions completely, I was able to use them in my project by playing around and figuring out when they work and when they don't. I was similarly lost during assignment 3, because I was so confused about servers and did not understand any of the code, so I had no idea where to begin with this huge assignment. I started by writing a lot of code, but I didn't even understand it enough to test it. I started over, and decided to start very small, with things I somewhat understood, and build my way up. While I still was confused, it was better to have something done that I knew worked and then move on to a harder problem than to be totally lost on the entire project. Now when I run into a difficult problem that I don't understand, I have some tools to use: starting small, doing research, and playing around until something works and then building from there.

I think I would like to delve deeper into more of the front-end aspects of web programming. I really enjoyed everything in this course that allowed me to be creative and create whatever I wanted to, and I liked playing around with CSS and JavaScript on all the labs and assignments. I like being able to visualize things, so I loved the parts of the assignments that allowed me to see exactly what I was doing.
